README.md, before:

Week-2-Dropbox-Prototype
============

A prototype of the Carousel iOS app.

How many hours did it take to complete?
- Took about 10-12 hours.
- 
What did you complete

Intro
- Static photo tiles on the initial screen
- Optional: Photo tiles move with scrolling

Sign In
- Tapping on email/password reveals the keyboard and shifts the scrollview and Sign In button up.
- User sees an error alert when no email is present or no password is present.
- User sees a loading screen upon tapping the Sign In button.
- User sees an error alert when entering the wrong email/password combination.
- User is taken to the tutorial screens upon entering the correct email/password combination.
- Optional: Sign Up
- Optional: Tapping in the form reveals the keyboard and shifts the scrollview and "Create a Dropbox" button up.
- Optional: Tapping the Agree to Terms checkbox selects the checkbox.
- Optional: Tapping on Terms shows a webview with the terms.
- Optional: User is taken to the tutorial screens upon tapping the "Create a Dropbox" button.
- 
Tutorial Screens
- User can page between the screens
- Optional: User can page between the screens with updated dots
- Optional: Upon reaching the 4th page, hide the dots and show the "Take Carousel for a Spin" button.

Image Timeline
- Display a scrollable view of images.
- User can tap on the conversations button to see the conversations screen (push).
- User can tap on the profile image to see the settings view (modal from below).

Settings
- User can dismiss the settings screen.
- User can log out

Commit message:

Added tap to dismiss views on reschedule/later
Also added readme edits

README.md, after:

Week-3-Mailbox-Prototype
============

A prototype of the Mailbox iOS app.

How many hours did it take to complete?
- Took about 10-12 hours.
- 
What did you complete

On dragging the message left...
- Initially, the revealed background color should be gray.
- As the reschedule icon is revealed, it should start semi-transparent and become fully opaque. If released at this point, the message should return to its initial position.
- After 60 pts, the later icon should start moving with the translation and the background should change to yellow.
- Upon release, the message should continue to reveal the yellow background. When the animation it complete, it should show the reschedule options.
- After 260 pts, the icon should change to the list icon and the background color should change to brown.
- Upon release, the message should continue to reveal the brown background. When the animation it complete, it should show the list options.
- User can tap to dismissing the reschedule or list options. After the reschedule or list options are dismissed, you should see the message finish the hide animation.

On dragging the message right
- Initially, the revealed background color should be gray.
- As the archive icon is revealed, it should start semi-transparent and become fully opaque. If released at this point, the message should return to its initial position.
- After 60 pts, the archive icon should start moving with the translation and the background should change to green.
- Upon release, the message should continue to reveal the green background. When the animation it complete, it should hide the message.
- After 260 pts, the icon should change to the delete icon and the background color should change to red.
- Upon release, the message should continue to reveal the red background. When the animation it complete, it should hide the message.

- Optional: Panning from the edge should reveal the menu
- Optional: If the menu is being revealed when the user lifts their finger, it should continue revealing.
- Optional: Tapping the segmented control in the title should swipe views in from the left or right.
- Optional: Shake to undo.

![alt tag](https://github.com/anujverma/Week-3-Mailbox/blob/master/Week-3-Mailbox.gif)
